Re-render (glmnet mlbench modeldata modeldatatoo naivebayes nnet nycflights13 parsnip partykit patchwork pec pls plsmod poissonreg probably prodlim pscl purrr quantreg quantregForest randomForest ranger readmission readr recipes rlang ROSE rpart rpart.plot rsample rstanarm rstudioapi rules S7 scales sda sessioninfo skimr sparklyr sparsediscrim sparsevctrs stopwords stringr survival sweep tailor text2vec textrecipes themis tidymodels tidyr tidyverse timeDate timetk tune usethis vip workflows workflowsets xgboost xrf yardstick zoo) 2026-05-04 (#218)
tidymodels/tidymodels.org: content/packages/index.md

* To integrate predictions from many models, the [stacks](https://stacks.tidymodels.org/) package provides tools for stacked ensemble modeling.

> * The [usemodels](https://usemodels.tidymodels.org/) package is a helpful way of quickly creating code snippets to fit models using the tidymodels framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [usemodels](https://usemodels.tidymodels.org/) package creates templates and automatically generates code to fit and tune models.
```

I like this description (mostly from the [initial blog post](https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2020/09/usemodels-0-0-1/)) better than what we have in DESCRIPTION.
